# Election Insight Assistant
Leveraging OpenAI's API to analyze and summarize election data, providing dynamic insights into voter turnout trends and electoral dynamics.

## Features

- **Data Upload**: Users can upload election datasets to be analyzed.
- **Interactive Visualizations**: Visual representations of the uploaded data for better understanding and analysis.
- **Query Builder**: An intuitive interface for users to pose questions about the election data.
- **Assistant Response**: Leveraging OpenAI's Assistant API to provide insightful summaries and analyses based on user queries.

## Setup

To set up the ElectionInsightAssistant on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ByteanAtomResearch/ElectionInsightAssistant.git
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   cd ElectionInsightAssistant
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. **Run the app**
    ```bash
    streamlit run app.py
    ```

## Usage

- **Uploading Data**: Use the file uploader to provide the election dataset you wish to analyze.
- **Querying**: Enter your questions or queries about the data in the provided text input field and submit.
- **Reviewing Responses**: Review and use the insights and summaries generated by the assistant in response to your queries.

## Contributing

I welcome contributions to the this project. Please feel free to submit issues, pull requests, or suggestions to enhance the application's functionality and user experience.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENCE.md) file for details.

